administration/resources/drone/Delivery.java
 administration.resources.drone.Delivery
administration/tools/DronesServerResponse.java
 administration.tools.DronesServerResponse
administration/tools/ServerResponse.java
 administration.tools.ServerResponse
administration/ServerAdministrator.java
 administration.ServerAdministrator
administration/resources/statistics/GlobalStatistic.java
 administration.resources.statistics.GlobalStatistic
administration/resources/drone/QuitThread.java
 administration.resources.drone.QuitThread
administration/resources/statistics/StatisticsContainer.java
 administration.resources.statistics.StatisticsContainer
administration/services/StatisticsService.java
 administration.services.StatisticsService
grpc/ChattingGrpc.java
 grpc.ChattingGrpc
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$1
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingBaseDescriptorSupplier
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingBlockingStub
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingFileDescriptorSupplier
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingFutureStub
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingImplBase
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingMethodDescriptorSupplier
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$ChattingStub
 grpc.ChattingGrpc$MethodHandlers
administration/tools/CityMap.java
 administration.tools.CityMap
grpc/Services.java
 grpc.Services
 grpc.Services$1
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$1
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$Builder
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$Position
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$Position$1
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$Position$Builder
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequest$PositionOrBuilder
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingRequestOrBuilder
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingResponse
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingResponse$1
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingResponse$Builder
 grpc.Services$SimpleGreetingResponseOrBuilder
administration/tools/StatisticsServerResponse.java
 administration.tools.StatisticsServerResponse
administration/tools/Position.java
 administration.tools.Position
administration/resources/drone/DataPrinter.java
 administration.resources.drone.DataPrinter
administration/resources/drone/Drone.java
 administration.resources.drone.Drone
administration/services/SmartCityService.java
 administration.services.SmartCityService
administration/tools/Ring.java
 administration.tools.Ring
administration/resources/drone/CommunicationModule.java
 administration.resources.drone.CommunicationModule
administration/resources/SmartCity.java
 administration.resources.SmartCity
administration/resources/drone/GreetingServiceImplementation.java
 administration.resources.drone.GreetingServiceImplementation
administration/ClientAdministrator.java
 administration.ClientAdministrator
